IVS-Dataset and ezLabel: Terms of usage
Database Authorization Consent:
Thank you for using our database (hereinafter referred as "Service"). The "Service" are provided by the Intelligent Vision System Design Laboratory “ivslab" National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Hsinchu City, Taiwan (Address: Room B02A, Engineering Building 4, No. 1001, Ta Hsueh Road, East District, Hsinchu City, Taiwan). This database authorization agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "authorization letter") is used to regulate the relationship between users using the database and the “ivslab”. By using or logging into the Service, you agree to this authorization, which will be updated from time to time.

Status of Power of Attorney
This authorization is an additional clause of the "IVS-Dataset Terms of Use Declaration of Rights and Obligations (hereinafter referred to as "Declaration of Rights and Obligations")". The terms of the declaration of rights and obligations are applicable to this "Service", but if there are terms and conditions related to this authorization Book conflict is not limited to this.
Database usage
The ‘ivslab’ authorizes you to reproduce, transmit and modify the information in the database globally, royalty-free, non-exclusive, permanent (during the duration of the copyright), and may use the results or products developed based on the "service" as Use for commercial purposes. However, you may not directly use the information in the database for any commercial purposes.
When you use the results or products developed based on the "service", you must properly indicate the source of the data as ezLabel (https://www.aicreda.com) according to the medium or tool you use.
You are solely responsible for all your use of the Service. You are fully responsible for the legality of the results or products developed based on the "service", and we ‘ivslab’ have the right to suspend your account in case of violation of laws and regulations.
The users using the ‘service’ are required to cite the below paper in their publications.
•	Ni, Y.-S.; Shivanna, V.M.; Guo, J.-I. iVS Dataset and ezLabel: A Dataset and a Data Annotation Tool for Deep Learning Based ADAS Applications. Remote Sens. 2022, 14, 833. https://doi.org/10.3390/rs14040833

Privacy Protection
Information collected by IVS-Dataset: When you request to use the database, the system will ask you to provide personal information, including your organization type, organization name, and your position; the system will also ask you to provide business-related information, including the area of application you wish to apply and the reasons for using the Service.
The purpose of IVS-Dataset's collection of "personal and business-related information" (hereinafter referred to as "information"): ezLabel will only use your information for us to improve consumer experience, business models and statistics. We will protect your information with appropriate measures, and will not disclose the information you provide to third parties, except for judicial or governmental investigations.
If you would like creDa to delete the information you have provided, please contact us.
Disclaimer
Unless mutually agreed in writing by the parties to this authorization, and to the fullest extent permitted by Taiwan law, ezLabel provides "Services" on an "as is" basis, and ezLabel makes no representations or warranties regarding this work, whether express or implied whether or not required by law, including, but not limited to, any guarantee of rights in this work, commerciality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of the rights of others, lack of latent or other defects, correctness, or whether errors not found.
Termination Clause
If you breach these License Terms, these License Terms and the rights granted hereunder will automatically terminate.
